Add app accounts sdk docs (#1820)
base/web: apps/base-docs/docs/pages/identity/smart-wallet/features/sub-accounts.mdx

# Sub Accounts

> Sub Accounts enable developers to create and manage app-specific accounts for their applications. These accounts are linked to the user's Smart Wallet and can be utilized to sign transactions specifically for the app. This integration grants developers full control over the user experience, ensuring a seamless and cohesive interaction within the app.

Reviewer: This is pretty specific to the app version of sub accounts, but I think that's OK for now.

Author: Updated. Made it more sub account specific. Thanks for flagging!

## Technical Details

> - Smart Wallet Ownership: The user's Smart Wallet acts as an owner of the app account, allowing it to manage and control the app-specific account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Smart Wallet Ownership: The user's Smart Wallet acts as an owner of the Sub Account, allowing it to manage assets on the Sub Account and make calls from it. 
```

> - Key Agnostic: Sub Accounts are designed to be key agnostic. They leverage our Linked Accounts technology, which supports various key types including, but not limited to, in-browser CryptoKeys, Passkeys, traditional EOAs, and server wallets products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- App-Signer Agnostic: Sub Accounts are designed to be agnostic to whatever signing software an app wants to use: whether in-browser CryptoKey or server signers from teams like Privy or Turnkey. 
```

> - Sub Accounts can be used to sign transactions, messages, and EIP-712 typed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When an app requests a Sub Account creation and the user approves, all future signing and transaction requests will automatically use the Sub Account. 
```

Author: +1
